I am 25 years old from New Jersey, I enjoy staying active, managing my finances, venture capital, business, marketing, and advertising. I am keen on building and troubleshooting computers, and am proficient with Apple's macOS. I am currently assisting my father with his bicycles sales & repair business. Currently we are utilizing the WIX platform, with its integrated SEO features, to better market and drive more customers to the business. I am open to work in any of the position that is available, but would prefer to work in the Web Design position. I am very ambitious, and have a very creative collaborative mindset. I am adamant that I would be a great asset to your team.



Thank you for considering me as a potential candidate for the HR Internship at Barstool Sports. I am 25 years old from New Jersey, I enjoy staying active, managing my finances, venture capital, business, marketing, and advertising. I am keen on building and troubleshooting computers, and am proficient with the Windows OS, and Apple's macOS. 

Currently, I am assisting my father with his bicycles sales & repair business. We utilize the WIX platform with its integrated SEO features, to improve marketing performance, and drive more customers to the business. 

I am open to work in any of the position that is available at Barstool Sports, but would prefer to take a chance and work in the Human Resources sector of the . I am very ambitious, and hold a very creative collaborative mindset. I am adamant that I would be a great asset to the Barstool Sports team.

I am Microsoft Office Certified, and have some experience in Website Research and Development, using the WIX and Squarespace platform. I am currently helping to re-vamp my fathers Bicycles sales & repair business. Other than recieiving a paycheck and being more self sufficient, I am motivated to find a higher purpose for myself, while being beneficial to others. I haven't had any really negative experiences while working with other people, but I am aware that people from all walks of life, may hold different opinions on various topics.






















