

The Norton Introduction to Literature, Shorter 14th Edition



Introduction Notes:

Book mainly consist of:Fiction,Poetry,Drama

Canon:Canon, a select, if much-debated and ever-evolving, list of the most highly and widely esteemed works.

What is a good story,poem,play to you?
 

	






	
"The Story of an Hour"


-Natchitoches(pronunciation?)

-Mrs Mallard? How many names does Katherine go by throughout the story?

-"The Story of an Hour" is about a heartbroken lonely women named Katherine. Married several times, bearing six children, while still managing her heart disease, and preventing the intense feelings to be released from the painful elements that life tries to implicate on us everyday. Katherine produced some literature in her lifetime, although like anyone tring to break a mold, she was met with critisicm. With the accute death of Katherine's first husband, she began to never her life the same as it were before. As time passed, Katherine decided to re-marry but was met with a bout of hyporcrisy. Katherines heart was broken when her first husband died, but she left her second husband unexpectedly, due to heart disease or some would say "heartache".

***She could have been a bit mental as well.***




George Saunders Puppy- (p.188) 


Irony:  “the human universals hidden within the plight of one who was both black and American.” (Ellison 87) being black and being American are considered the same thing. Atleast if you are black and born in the States.

"cause I got no birth certificate to get a job, and Laura ’bout to die ’cause we got no money for a doctor."
This quote is ironic because its basically trying to tell the reader "if one lives, one must perish".

“Where from? Speak right into the mike.”

“Rocky Mont,” he said. “Rock’ Mont, North Car’lina.”

“So you decided to come down off that mountain to the U.S.,” the man laughed. (Ellison, 90)

this quote is ironic becasue Ellison clearly states that he is from North Carolina, which is a state within the United States, but the announcer frames Ellisons response as "other worldly"








